>> Erik Reinert: The last thing we need,
and
this one's probably the most intricate
of all of the configuration objects.
And you'll see as we go more and
more we get a little bit more advanced.
Here is the service module.
This is the service module right here and
it does quite a bit.
Now, effectively the first thing
we do is we tell it which capacity
provider that it's in.
Again, if you notice at the top of the
editor you'll see spot right there, well,
that's why those match
in naming convention.
That I'm telling the service, hey,
I want you to provision to
the spot capacity provider.
If it doesn't have a capacity provider
that it matches, it will not deploy.
So it'll just be in a broken state.
Cluster ID, we give it the cluster ARN.
Cluster name, we give it the cluster name.
Image repository.
So this one's a little bit of
string interpolation that we've got
going on here.
But it's just your ECR domain,
it's just the ECR domain where
we push all of the images to.
I'm just calculating the ID as well as
the region that you're pulling from
effectively or that you're
building services on effectively.
So you'll see I have
an image repository as well.
FEM fdservice image tag var name
module cluster listener arn,
which is for the listener arn.
And again, the image tag,
for example, is a variable.
So that means that we can give it
from a higher level and if we need,
where else name service because we
don't really have any other service.
So we can literally just
call this one service path.
So again, I said that we had the ability
to map which route the load
balancer can respond with.
So in this case we're
mapping just slash star.
So we're mapping everything.
The port that the service listens on and
then the VPC id.
And that's really everything related
to the actual like resources or
configuration of the service itself.
The next lines are all custom.
The next lines are all custom and
written with the intention to enable
the developer to do what they need to do.
So the first one is the config, and
the config is basically the unencrypted
open plain text environment variables.
So you've seen us do the Google redirect
URL and the goose driver, right?
Well, this is where we add environment
variables for the service.
And to be fair, I don't think you really
need to manage environment variables in
parameter store,
I think that's a little bit extra work.
You can if you want, it's up to you.
But in this case I don't think these
would change as much as secrets.
So this I feel is fine to
have in terraform, but again,
it's entirely up to you.
Secrets are more specific because you
would not be storing them in terraform
anyways.
So you have to figure out
a way to provision and
manage the secret without
caring about the value.
That's why we do it the way that we do it.
But with a config I think
it's actually totally fine.
Again, you can do nice
stuff like this where I
might not know what the distribution
domain is, but the automation does.
So I can inject that into
the environment variable directly and
I don't have to worry about it.
That's how we solve that problem.
I know somebody yesterday asked how else
could you get the Google redirect URL?
Well, that's how we do it.
We just basically get the domain
name from the distribution resource.
Then yeah, we get our secrets as well.
So Google Client id, Google Client Secret,
Goose DB and postgres URL,
those are all added and these will
get created as entries inside of ssm,
inside of the parameter store.